189 predict lm design (#276)
openpharma/mmrm: NEWS.md

- Add confirmation if the number of visit levels is too large. Use `options(mmrm.max_visits = )`
  to specify the maximum number of visits allowed in non-interactive mode, or asked in interactive
  sessions.

> - Add `predict` method to obtain conditional mean estimate with or without observations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `predict` method to obtain conditional mean estimates and prediction intervals, both with or without previous observations.
```

- Previously `model.frame` call on `mmrm` object with transformed terms, or new
  given data, e.g. `model.frame(mmrm(Y ~ log(X) + ar1(VISIT|ID), data = <new data>)`,
  will cause errors. This is now fixed and `model.frame` returns the data correctly.
  Now `na.action` argument can be "na.omit" or "na.pass", `subset` argument is not used.

>   `full` argument is deprecated and use `include` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `full` argument is deprecated and the `include` can be used instead.
```
